holy crap how part shooting out
and we don't want them to pop up
man
it looks like it would be fairly
easy to go around it until we
tried the only time I was really
worried was when we started to
go under it
having as hard as we could and
started getting sucked into the
milking it was loud it was
really really loud
the goal is to be the first
expedition to paddle the full
length of the Amazon River from
its newly discovered source we
look to be going approximately
4,200 miles we've had from about
an hour before sunup to about an
hour before sundown every day
maybe 12 14 hours i downloaded
about a hundred poems into my
ipod and at night I would listen
to these poems and the next day
I would run through my head and
I recite them to the other guys
during the day and the night
that surrounds me dark is the
pitch from pole to pole I thank
whatever God's may be for my
unconquerable soul
once we get down to the the
rainforest though we're gonna be
going through what's called the
red zone
this has been a very dangerous
area because the local logically
because tribes have been
exploited quite a bit by
Westerners in the area so
they're worried about anybody
they see in the area that that
that they don't know they're
these guys coming down from this
village with some guns we were
trying to get away as
nonchalantly as possible and
smiling and waving smile and
wave boys but here they come
motioning us over to the side
I'm not too worried about
whether they're gonna shoot us
or not
at this point I'm really happy
that we didn't bring the guns
that we had discussed bringing
because i think the gun would
have shown that we were a threat
but i'm still feel better if
things were a little even doubt
it looks it looks like they have
three or four single-shot
20-gauge shot guns there are
more of us than there are guns
so they can't shoot us all I
think they just wanted to find
out who we are with how we're
doing in their area the
expedition take some
determination but it doesn't
take a superhuman that's for
sure
anybody can get a whale just you
know it's just a bite of the
time
yeah